WI #557: Normative Requirements Refinement - Part 2 (#798)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/contractedunitprice.md

The ContractedUnitPrice column adheres to the following requirements:

* ContractedUnitPrice MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports negotiated pricing concepts.
* ContractedUnitPrice adheres to the following additional requirements:
* ContractedUnitPrice MUST be of type Decimal.
* ContractedUnitPrice MUST conform to [NumericFormat](#numericformat) requirements.
* ContractedUnitPrice nullability is defined as follows:
  * ContractedUnitPrice MUST be null when [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Tax".
  * ContractedUnitPrice MUST NOT be null when ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase" and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
  * ContractedUnitPrice MAY be null in all other cases.
* When ContractedUnitPrice is not null, ContractedUnitPrice adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * ContractedUnitPrice MUST be a non-negative decimal value.
  * ContractedUnitPrice MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
  * The product of ContractedUnitPrice and [PricingQuantity](#pricingquantity) MUST match the [ContractedCost](#contractedcost) when PricingQuantity is not null and ChargeClass is not "Correction".

> * Discrepancies in ContractedUnitPrice, ContractedCost, or PricingQuantity MAY be addressed independently when ChargeClass is "Correction".

Reviewer: @gparker-at-sf This is the line that is the issue you raised [here](https://github.com/FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec/pull/848/files#r2006517179).  Per what we discussed in the Mar 21 TF3 meeting, would this work for you?  If so, this is what we would apply back in the original thread on #848.

```suggestion
* Discrepancies in ContractedUnitPrice, ContractedCost, or PricingQuantity MAY exist when ChargeClass is "Correction".
```
